# ArXiv Subjects

The [arXiv subjects](https://arxiv.org) is a classification scheme used to index more than 1.6 million open-access publications on arXiv.org. It consists of 176 subjects organised in a three-level monohierarchic structure. At the top level we can find 8 broad fields: *Physics*, *Mathematics*, *Computer Science*, *Quantitative Biology*, *Quantitative Finance*, *Statistics*, *Electrical Engineering and Systems Science*, and *Economics*. Among these broader fields, only *Physics* reaches the third level. At the second level this broad field of *Physics* is organised in *Astrophysics*, *Condensed Matter*, *General Relativity and Quantum Cosmology*, *High Energy Physics - Experiment*, *High Energy Physics - Lattice*, *High Energy Physics - Phenomenology*, *High Energy Physics - Theory*, *Mathematical Physics*, *Nonlinear Sciences*, *Nuclear Experiment*, *Nuclear Theory*, (more specific) *Physics*, *Quantum Physics*. On their turn some of these fields are refined with subfields at third level, such as Astrophysics which includes: *Astrophysics of Galaxies*, *Cosmology and Nongalactic Astrophysics*, *Earth and Planetary Astrophysics*, *High Energy Astrophysical Phenomena*, *Instrumentation and Methods for Astrophysics*, and *Solar and Stellar Astrophysics*.

The largest area as well as the deepest is *Physics* with 50 sub-areas. *Computer Science* and *Mathematics* follow with 40 and 32 sub-areas, respectively. All other fields do not exceed 10 sub-fields.

The arXiv subject classification can be browsed using from the arXiv homepage. This classification scheme is subject to the Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.